changed the local host port in aks installation (#2840)
layer5io/meshery: docs/pages/installation/aks.md

 </div></div>
 </pre>

> Meshery should now be running in your AKS cluster and the Meshery UI should be locally accessible. Navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) to log into Meshery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meshery should now be running in your AKS cluster and the Meshery UI should be accessible. Navigate to the `meshery` service endpoint to log into Meshery.

```

> Meshery should now be running in your AKS cluster and the Meshery UI should be locally accessible. Navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) to log into Meshery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meshery should now be running in your AKS cluster and the Meshery UI should be locally accessible. Navigate to the `meshery` service endpoint to log into Meshery.

```
